ROADMAP.md, before:

# ROADMAP

- [x] Replace `Nothing` by `undefined` because it actually is an acceptable value, mark initial value as possibly `undefined` in `BaseField` because it's true and valid.
- [x] Add `active` to `BaseField`, implement it for objects and array
- [x] Remove export of `composeValidate`, use it internally and use array arguments
- [x] Externalise errors messages, allow to customize them
- [x] Create `merge(...objectFields)` utility
- [x] `ObjectField` and `ArrayField` errors should not forward inner fields error
- [x] `form({ fields: {} })` -> `form({ schema: FieldFactory<?> })`
- [x] Remove `form` from each field. It was a bad idea.
- [x] Add a lodash path (`name` ?) to each field at creation (internal mechanism)
- [x] Handle `required` validation **inside** library as an internal mechanism, make `optional()` and `nullable()` deactivate that mechanism
- [x] Form: add `getErrors()` message
- [x] Make array & object getters lazy + flush
- [x] Add ESLint + Lint Staged
- [x] Test build by importing lib from elsewhere
- [x] Enforce typings
- [x] Re-commit lib as sacdenoeuds
- [x] Add InferValue `(...args) => BaseDescriptor<infer V>`
- [x] Add `lazyUntil` in internals
- [x] Remove form `submitState`, keep only `getErrors()`
- [x] Add injected data `valdidateOn: EventName[]`
- [x] Validation: use error code, not message
- [x] Handle async validation
- [x] Add basic documentation, API + examples
- [ ] Create demos
- [ ] Publish package
- [ ] Add export map + react bindings

Commit message:

feat(flemme): create form lib 'flemme'

ROADMAP.md, after:

# ROADMAP

- [x] Replace `Nothing` by `undefined` because it actually is an acceptable value, mark initial value as possibly `undefined` in `BaseField` because it's true and valid.
- [x] Add `active` to `BaseField`, implement it for objects and array
- [x] Remove export of `composeValidate`, use it internally and use array arguments
- [x] Externalise errors messages, allow to customize them
- [x] Create `merge(...objectFields)` utility
- [x] `ObjectField` and `ArrayField` errors should not forward inner fields error
- [x] `form({ fields: {} })` -> `form({ schema: FieldFactory<?> })`
- [x] Remove `form` from each field. It was a bad idea.
- [x] Add a lodash path (`name` ?) to each field at creation (internal mechanism)
- [x] Handle `required` validation **inside** library as an internal mechanism, make `optional()` and `nullable()` deactivate that mechanism
- [x] Form: add `getErrors()` message
- [x] Make array & object getters lazy + flush
- [x] Add ESLint + Lint Staged
- [x] Test build by importing lib from elsewhere
- [x] Enforce typings
- [x] Re-commit lib as sacdenoeuds
- [x] Add InferValue `(...args) => BaseDescriptor<infer V>`
- [x] Add `lazyUntil` in internals
- [x] Remove form `submitState`, keep only `getErrors()`
- [x] Add injected data `validateOn: EventName[]`
- [x] Validation: use error code, not message
- [x] Handle async validation
- [x] Add basic documentation, API + examples
- [x] Add export map
- [x] Add a form submit `{ submit: (handler: (form: Form<T>) => Promise<void>) => Promise<void> }`, make it handle the touched/visited etc. of each primitive field + reset the form on success
- [x] Create demos
- [x] react hooks bindings
- [ ] react class components bindings
- [ ] Add tests with all the changes I made: validated, validateAsync, …
- [ ] Allow to add items to an undefined array (+ tests ;)
- [ ] Publish package
